The IBM® TRIRIGA® solution delivers an integrated workplace management system (IWMS) that integrates functional models across real estate, capital projects, facilities, workplace operations, portfolio data, and environmental and energy management within a single technology platform.

With IBM TRIRIGA real estate management solutions, finance and real estate executives can view the information they need to make decisions based on real estate transactions, consistent pre-built lease accounting controls, and automated lease payment reconciliation.

IBM TRIRIGA delivers capital project solutions to manage capital, facility, and environmental projects. IBM TRIRIGA identifies funding priorities within capital programs, analyzes project risks and financial benefits, and automates project management controls and alerts that are essential to deliver ad-hoc projects and programs.

IBM TRIRIGA centralizes and integrates critical facility management processes to manage a distributed workforce, increase the utilization of physical facilities, and configure an organization’s workplace.

IBM TRIRIGA automates demand and preventive maintenance services, and improves service provider management to reduce the cost of maintenance operations. Facility assessment features track and evaluate building and asset deficiencies and help to identify opportunities to improve the environmental condition and extend the life cycle of real estate and facility assets.

IBM TRIRIGA delivers energy and environmental tracking and management capabilities through the use of a single, comprehensive repository of an organization’s environmental data. This provides the means to measure and track energy and environmental performance, evaluate cost reduction and ROI for opportunities to reduce energy, investigate strategic performance improvements, and manage project implementation.

The IBM TRIRIGA comprehensive solution also includes the IBM TRIRIGA Application Platform: a runtime environment for the rapid processing of transactions. The platform is the underlying technology for the IBM TRIRIGA applications. The IBM TRIRIGA Application Platform is also a set of browser-based tools that create and modify the applications that IBM TRIRIGA delivers.

Introduces a new TRIRIGA Work Task Services perceptive web app for work task execution to provide an advanced user experience for technicians who use TRIRIGA to manage their work tasks. The TRIRIGA Work Task Services app enables technicians to access and update details of their assigned work tasks from multiple devices, including mobile phones, tablets or laptops, with a consistent, mobile-optimized user experience.
Provides a streamlined, task-based design of the TRIRIGA Work Task Services app that guides a user through their work details. Offline capability, using service worker browser technology, caches data on the device and enables workers to continue to work within the perceptive web app, even when they lose connectivity to the network. Using a new 3D Building Information Modeling (BIM) viewer integrated into the app, maintenance technicians can view the location of their assigned tasks, as well as detailed asset information, through map, floor plan, and 3D BIM views.

Introduces a new perceptive Locate app as part of the TRIRIGA Workplace Services portal, which enables workplace occupants to locate people and rooms through an intuitive, graphical user interface. 2D and 3D floor plan views assist users in navigating the building and in locating rooms and people.

Delivers enhancements to the IBM TRIRIGA Connector for BIM that add support for migration of building system and asset data from a Revit model into TRIRIGA, enabling facilities managers to quickly establish a complete registry of building equipment assets in TRIRIGA directly from the BIM. Additional enhancements add support for defining TRIRIGA spaces by using Autodesk Revit area plans. Enhanced space integration speeds the process of designating TRIRIGA space classification assignments for multiple spaces to be integrated within Revit. BIM models can also be published directly from Revit in a new 3D viewer format for viewing the building model inside multiple perceptive apps within TRIRIGA, such as the Work Task Services app and the Locate app.

Provides a new Data Erasure Utility to enable administrators to respond to data removal requests, such as required by the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), to remove personal information (PI) and sensitive personal information (SPI) that your organization may currently store in IBM TRIRIGA.

Includes new and enhanced TRIRIGA Lease Accounting features that were introduced in the TRIRIGA 10.5.3.1 and 10.5.3.2 fix packs, including improvements to areas such as the adoption process, index adjustments, incentive schedules for tenant improvements, journal entry support, dismantle cost, disclosure reports, local reporting, and ASC842 GAAP classification changes from Operating to Finance. In addition, TRIRIGA 10.6.0 includes enhancements to incentive schedules that are created after a modification and the ability to include exit or disposal liability carryover. For further details on TRIRIGA Lease Accounting, see the IBM TRIRIGA Lease Accounting wiki.

